{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh14480\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\section*\{Social Network Analysis: Data Capture in Twitter\}\
\
In this exercise the aim is to collect and process data from the online social network platform Twitter. The data collected is used to build a graph of the network in order to obtain the centrality metrics. For the purpose of this lab we will use an educational toolkit, t-hoarder kit, to capture tweets and other Twitter related information related to certain event or topic. For analysis and visualization,\
\
Due to the recent interest in the newly elected President in the United States, Donald Trump and his extensive use of the platform Twitter, the topic selected for this study is Donald Trump. Through this study we will identify a set of Twitter accounts and tweets related this topic. From the set of users and tweets, we obtain the associated declared and dynamic networks. The centrality of the networks are investigated by computing some appropriate centrality metrics. For analysis and visualization we apply a tool called GEPHI. GEPHI is used to generate graphs for the given networks and obtain centrality metrics to analyze the structure of the networks and important nodes. The nodes in this context are twitter users.\
\
\\subsection*\{Twitter\}\
Twitter is a microblogging online social network, were users post messages seen by other users. This message passing is referred to as \\textit\{tweeting\} where each message is referred to as a \\textit\{tweet\}. The length of each message is limited to 140 characters. By default messages are publicly available, although users have the right to close the access to their authorized followers.\
\
Each user is provided with a profile that including user specific information, such as name, user name, a short bio, location, URL and photo. The tweets are posted on their timeline, where other users can like or make comments.\
\
In order to analyze Twitter data we need to create a Twitter Application. When the application is created, we get access to Keys and Access Tokens for authentication. By authorizing the t-hoarder kit using the tokens, access to the Twitter API is obtained. \
\
\\subsection*\{Account Identification\}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Initially we identify a set of accounts related to the given topic. We start by using the search functionality of the Twitter web page, by collecting the 11 most popular accounts and unique accounts.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\\subsection*\{The Declared Network\}\
\
\\subsection*\{Related Tweets Collection\}\
\
\\subsection*\{The Dynamic Network\}}